Add service-specific skills infrastructure (find-package-skill, create-package-skill wizard, search skill) (#48833)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: .github/skills/create-package-skill/references/skill-template.md

# SKILL.md Template for Azure SDK Package Skills

Use this template when creating a new package skill. Replace placeholders with package-specific content.

```yaml
---

> name: <maven-artifactId>

Reviewer: We probably want this to be the fully qualified Maven name, `<group-id>:<artifact-id>`, given the possibility for new tracks of libraries in a different group ID.

description: '<Brief description>. WHEN: regenerate <package>; modify <package>; fix <package> bug; add <package> feature; <package> tsp-client update.'
---
```

> The `name` field and directory name MUST match the Maven artifactId (e.g., `azure-search-documents`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `name` field and directory name MUST match the Maven package identifier (e.g., `com.azure:azure-search-documents`).
```

To go along with the other comment on this file.
